index.md, before:

---
layout: page
---

# About Me

<img src="/images/fanze_kong.jpg" class="floatpic" width="360" height="480">

Here is **Fanze Kong (Jacky, 孔繁泽)**.

I am Fanze Kong (孔繁泽), a Ph.D. candidate at The University of Hong Kong (HKU)🏫, [MARS LAB](https://mars.hku.hk/), supervised by Dr. Fu Zhang. My research interests lie in the areas of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle(UAV) design, UAV autonomous navigation, motion planning and LiDAR simulation. I have a proven track record of producing high-quality research that is the author of 8 published papers (1 **Science Robotics**, 3 **RA-L**, 1 **ICRA**, 1 **IROS** and 1 **AIS**), and 4 under-review papers (1 **TRO**, 1 **IJRR** and 2 **IROS**).

<!-- ## Research Interests

My current research focuses on practical problems that artificial intelligence faces in real life. My interests are on the **Machine Learning** and its applications in **Industrial IoT**. In a word, advanced technologies like ML and IoT positively influence the life of everybody.  I wish to devote my talent to this meaningful cause and bring well-being to society.

## News and Updates

- **<font color='red'>[News]</font> I am actively searching for a PhD program!**
- **May 2023：**Happy to be awarded the XiamenAir Scholarship.
- **May 2023：**Happy to win the Finalist Award in MCM 2023.
- **Feb 2023：**[**FZU-Flying-Book 福州大学飞跃手册**](https://fzu-fly.online/) has been published! Welcome to contribute.
- **Jan 2023：**One paper accepted to ICAROB 2023, see you in Japan!
- **Dec 2022：**Research assistant at Key Laboratory of Industrial Automation Control Technology and Information Processing, advised by [Prof. Zhezhuang Xu](https://dqxy.fzu.edu.cn/en/info/1009/1072.htm).
- **Sep 2022：**Happy to be nominated for the China National Scholarship.
- **Jun 2022：**Online Research Intern at Cambridge Centre for the Integration of Science, Technology and Culture, advised by [Prof. Pietro Liò](https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~pl219/ ). -->

Commit message:

update homepage and start writing publication

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
---

# About Me

<img src="/images/fanze_kong.jpg" class="floatpic" width="360" height="480">

Here is **Fanze Kong (Jacky, 孔繁泽)**.

I am a Ph.D. candidate at The University of Hong Kong (HKU)🏫, [MARS LAB](https://mars.hku.hk/), supervised by [Dr. Fu Zhang](https://www.mech.hku.hk/academic-staff/Zhang-F) and co-supervised by [Prof. James Lam](https://meweb.hku.hk/jlam/). My research interests lie in the areas of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle(UAV) design, motion planning, LiDAR simulation and multi-UAV autonomous navigation.

I have a proven track record of producing high-quality research that is the author of 8 published papers (1 **Science Robotics**, 3 **RA-L**, 1 **ICRA**, 1 **IROS** and 1 **AIS**), and 4 accepted papers (1 **TRO**, 1 **IJRR** and 2 **IROS**).

## News and Updates

- **Oct 2023**: Our conference paper "Swashplateless-elevon Actuation for a Dual-rotor Tail-sitter VTOL UAV" won **IROS Best Paper Award on Robot Mechanisms and Design** and **IROS 2023 Best Overall and Best Student Paper Finalist**.
- **Sep 2023**: Our paper “Occupancy Grid Mapping without Ray-Casting for High-resolution Sensors” is accepted for publication in **IEEE Transactions on Robotics (TRO)**.[[Preprint]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2307.08493.pdf)
- **Sep 2023**: Our paper “Trajectory Generation and Tracking Control for Aggressive Tail-Sitter Flights” is accepted for publication in **International Journal of Robotics Research (IJRR)**.[[Preprint]](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2212.11552.pdf)
- **Sep 2023**: Five papers are accepted by IROS.
- **Mar 2023**: Our paper “A self-rotating, single-actuated UAV with extended sensor field of view for autonomous navigation” is published on and visually featured by **Science Robotics**.[[Link]](https://mars.hku.hk/papers/scirobotics.ade4538_.pdf) Our paper is presented on the homepage of the **Science** website.

## Academic Background

- **Nov 2020 - Now**: The University of Hong Kong (Ph.D.)
- **Sep 2016 - Sep 2020**: Harbin Institute of Technology (BEng)
- **Sep 2013 - Sep 2016**: Shenzhen Middle School

<!-- ## Research Interests

My current research focuses on multi-UAV exploration and scanning in large-scale environment. My interests are on the **Machine Learning** and its applications in **Industrial IoT**. In a word, advanced technologies like ML and IoT positively influence the life of everybody.  I wish to devote my talent to this meaningful cause and bring well-being to society. -->


<!-- 
## News and Updates

- **<font color='red'>[News]</font> I am actively searching for a PhD program!**
- **May 2023：**Happy to be awarded the XiamenAir Scholarship.
- **May 2023：**Happy to win the Finalist Award in MCM 2023.
- **Feb 2023：**[**FZU-Flying-Book 福州大学飞跃手册**](https://fzu-fly.online/) has been published! Welcome to contribute.
- **Jan 2023：**One paper accepted to ICAROB 2023, see you in Japan!
- **Dec 2022：**Research assistant at Key Laboratory of Industrial Automation Control Technology and Information Processing, advised by [Prof. Zhezhuang Xu](https://dqxy.fzu.edu.cn/en/info/1009/1072.htm).
- **Sep 2022：**Happy to be nominated for the China National Scholarship.
- **Jun 2022：**Online Research Intern at Cambridge Centre for the Integration of Science, Technology and Culture, advised by [Prof. Pietro Liò](https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~pl219/ ). -->
